{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
,caseId,docketId,caseIssuesId,voteId,dateDecision,decisionType,usCite,term,naturalCourt,chief,docket,caseName,dateArgument,dateRearg,petitioner,petitionerState,respondent,respondentState,jurisdiction,adminAction,adminActionState,threeJudgeFdc,caseOrigin,caseOriginState,caseSource,caseSourceState,lcDisagreement,certReason,lcDisposition,lcDispositionDirection,declarationUncon,caseDisposition,caseDispositionUnusual,partyWinning,precedentAlteration,voteUnclear,issue,issueArea,decisionDirection,decisionDirectionDissent,authorityDecision1,authorityDecision2,lawType,lawSupp,lawMinor,majOpinWriter,majOpinAssigner,splitVote,majVotes,minVotes,landmark,cleansyl\
0,1845-032,1845-032-01,1845-032-01-01,1845-032-01-01-01,2/11/1845,1.0,44 U.S. 266,1845,505,Taney,,"ROBERT WHITE, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, v. WILLIAM S. NICHOLLS, WILLIAM ROBINSON, OTHO M. LINTHICUM, EDWARD M. LINTHICUM, RAPHAEL SEMMES, PAUL STEVENS, AND CHARLES C. FULTON, DEFENDANTS IN ERROR.",1/15/1845,,174.0,,137.0,,4.0,,,0.0,409.0,,409.0,,1.0,1.0,,,1.0,10.0,0.0,2.0,0.0,0.0,30030.0,3.0,2.0,0.0,7.0,,6.0,600.0,,29.0,25.0,1,7,0,No,"White v. Nicholls 44 U.S. (3 How.) 266 ERROR TO THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE UNITED\
 STATES FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA\
 Syllabus   In an action for a libel, it is not indispensable to use the word ""maliciously"" in the declaration.  It is sufficient if words of equivalent power or import are used. Every publication, either by writing, printing, or pictures, which charges upon or imputes to any person that which renders him liable to punishment or which is calculated to make him infamous or odious or ridiculous is  prima facie  a libel, and implies malice in the author and publisher towards the person concerning whom such publication is made. Proof of malice cannot, in these cases, be required of the party complaining   beyond the proof of the publication itself; justification, excuse, or extenuation, if either can be shown, must proceed from the defendant. Privileged communications are an exception, and the rule of evidence as to such cases is so far changed as to require of the plaintiff to bring home to the defendant the existence of malice as the true motive of his conduct.  Privileged communications are of four kinds: 1. Wherever the author and publisher of the alleged slander acted in the  bona fide  discharge of a public or private duty, legal or moral, or in the prosecution of his own rights or interests. 2. Anything said or written by a master in giving the character of a servant who has been in his employment. 3. Words used in the course of a legal or judicial proceeding, however hard they may bear upon the party of whom they are used. 4. Publications duly made in the ordinary mode of Parliamentary proceedings, as a petition printed and delivered to the members of a committee appointed by the House of Commons to hear and examine grievances. But in these cases, the only effect of the change of the rule is to remove the usual presumption of malice.  It then becomes incumbent on the party complaining to show malice either by the construction of the spoken or written matter or by facts and circumstances connected with that matter, or with the situation of the parties, adequate to authorize the conclusion. Proof of express malice, so given, will render the publication, petition, or proceeding, libelous.  Falsehood and the absence of probable cause will amount to proof of malice. The jury being the tribunal to determine whether this malice did or did not mark the publication, the alleged libel should be submitted to them, and the court below erred in withholding it. The facts were these: On 26 June, 1841, the following letter was addressed to the President of the United States: ""Georgetown, June 26, 1841"" ""SIR:  We feel it to be proper to put you in possession of the grounds upon which the removal of Mr. Robert White from the office of collector of customs of this port is requested.  You will recollect the humiliating and prostrate condition of the people of this district about a year ago, when the majority then in Congress determined to destroy our banks as a punishment upon us for having avowed and published our preference for the candidates of the great whig party.  It was in that dark season that Mr. White determined to desert his own fellow citizens and to join in the war which was making upon their liberties and interests.  Being then seeking office, he thought to recommend himself to the executive by getting up a memorial here, which was to be used as a sanction or approval, on the part of our own citizens, of the mad policy which had been adopted by their oppressors.  He then joined with an assemblage of forty-eight persons in getting up a memorial which none but themselves could be induced to sign.  These memorialists, with about five exceptions, could not be identified by name or residence   as citizens of Georgetown.  Upon investigation, they proved to be apprentices and journeymen holding a transient residence in the town.  Being few in number, they were no doubt believed by Congress and persons at a distance to be a select body of experienced merchants and traders who had some knowledge of the subject of their memorial.  A copy of the memorial has been deposited with the Secretary of the Treasury."" ""It is perhaps one of the vilest calumnies ever issued by a band of thoughtless and irresponsible individuals, many of whom would have shrunk from such a proceeding had they the necessary intelligence to comprehend its enormity.  But not so with Mr. White.  He knew the paper contained an unmitigated slander.  He seemed to be willing to blacken the character of those of his fellow citizens who had been entrusted with the charge of our banks if that would only secure an appointment when all other methods had failed him for the preceding twelve years."" ""We revolt at the idea of Mr. White's being permitted to remain in an office whose emoluments flow from the labor and enterprise of the very men whose business and families he sought to involve in ruin."" ""It is impossible that he can ever regain the confidence of men whom he abandoned and vilified in the darkest hour of their existence.  His expulsion from office is no less demanded by his unpardonable conduct than by justice to the wounded feelings of an injured community."" ""About the same time, June, 1840, with the persons under his influence, and as is believed at the request of an officeholder of great political rancor, Mr. White procured Dr. Duncan, then a member of Congress from Ohio, to deliver a speech here in abuse of General Harrison.  The speech was perhaps the very vilest that was ever delivered by that gentleman."" ""It was so satisfactory to Mr. White, who acted as vice-president on the occasion, that he immediately rose and moved the doctor a vote of thanks, and a request that the speech be furnished for publication.  The resolutions which were adopted unanimously on the occasion, were nearly as calumnious as the speech itself."" ""We refer you to the Globe newspaper of 3 July last for an official account of the proceedings of the meeting.  We will only trouble you with a few sentences, that you may have some idea of the character of those extraordinary proceedings.  They denounced General Harrison as 'the nominee of the bank whig Federalist, abolitionist and anti-masons,' 'an abolitionist of fraud and concealment,' as being guilty of pursuing a course 'grossly insulting to common sense, honesty, and decency, by shrouding himself in darkness,' 'of courting dangerous fanatics, and countenancing them [abolitionists] in their mad warfare upon our peace, our property,   and our lives,' and 'that he should be treated as an abolitionist.'"" ""Mr. White's was the place where the leading men of his party nightly assembled up to the close of the presidential election, and a respectable citizen declares, that since Mr. White's appointment he circulated 'bushels' of the 'Globe.'  He declines to give his formal evidence in the case upon the ground that he being a near neighbor of Mr. W., he is unwilling to disturb the friendly personal relations existing between them."" ""Such was Mr. White's general political violence, and the unhesitancy with which he descended to the lowest means to secure the favor of the late administration, that no one doubted here but that he would be dismissed when the present party came into power, and no one can be more astonished than Mr. White is himself at his retention to the present time."" ""We will also take this opportunity to state, that we desire Mr. H. Addison to be appointed to the office of collector in Mr. White's place, whose abundant testimonials and recommendations of our business citizens are already on file with the Secretary of the Treasury."" ""With great respect, your obedient servants,"" ""CHAS. C. FULTON"" ""E. M. LINTHICUM"" ""RAP. SEMMES"" ""O. M. LINTHICUM"" ""WM. ROBINSON"" ""WM. S. NICHOLLS"" ""PAUL STEVENS"" ""P.S.  It is further proper to state, that Mr. Addison's recommendations, filed with Mr. Ewing, are signed by every citizen in town, with a single exception, who have regular business to transact at the custom house."" On some other day, which was not stated in the record, the following letter was addressed to the Secretary of the Treasury. ""HON. THOMAS EWING"" "" Secretary of the Treasury "" ""SIR -- Earnestly requesting, as we now do, the immediate removal of Mr. Robt. White from the office of collector of this port, we feel it proper to state candidly our insuperable objections to his continuance in that office."" ""At a time when a remorseless and vindictive majority in Congress were making a ruinous war upon all the business interests of the country, by destroying confidence in its banking institutions, and when that majority were pursuing a most persecuting and ruinous course towards the defenseless and unoffending people of this district, Mr. White, for the mere purpose of evidencing his unscrupulous   zeal in behalf of the late administration, and to secure its favor, did, under the most offensive circumstances, sign a violently abusive and insulting memorial to Congress, urging in the most decided manner the adoption of fatal measures toward the banks, by compelling them to continue specie payments, when all the institutions of Virginia and Maryland had suspended, and thereby to be compelled to pursue a destructive and burdensome policy towards their customers."" ""The object of the memorial was to place something in the hands of our enemies, in the shape of an approval of their course, which was a gross deception."" ""This offense becomes greatly aggravated, when it is known that Mr. White knew, so far as his acquaintance went with his co-signers, that they were too grossly ignorant of business and banking to be able to express any opinion upon such a subject.  The other signers, with the exception of two or three, were so wholly unknown to our business community that Mr. White would not be able to identify their persons or designate their residences.  It is to be taken for granted that they were merely transient laborers, or persons so young as not then to have attracted the notice of our oldest and most observing citizens; some of them, indeed, were known to be small apprentices.  So offensive and unpopular was the whole proceeding that with the exception of perhaps two others (from whom our community would look for nothing better), Mr. White was the only respectable man of business who could be induced to put his name upon the paper.  His own purpose could never have been detected, but for his appointment as collector, which so soon succeeded.  Mr. White's experience in trade had taught him the indispensable necessity for banks in this district, and his intelligence and sense of justice were outraged by the declaration that our banks should be made to pay specie, when the banks of our neighboring states of Virginia and Maryland found it wholly impracticable so to do.  He knew the gentlemen who had the management of our banks, directors as well as officers, and he knew they stood without reproach, and that it was wholly impossible that they could be influenced by the low and disreputable designs which his memorial so unscrupulously charged to them.  It was a vile slander, put forth so as to evade the responsibility of a legal prosecution.  We think he is the last man to hold an office, the value of which depends upon the enterprise and integrity of the very men whose families and business were alike to be overwhelmed with ruin at his special application."" ""His removal from an office thus obtained would be doubly gratifying to us, when we know his family does not need its emoluments for support."" ""It can be proved that at his store, in which the office of collector is kept, there were almost nightly assemblages of the principal party men who sustained the late administration, and particularly during the fall of 1840. "" ""A highly respectable man has stated that, during the latter part of the late canvass, he saw Mr. White preparing immense numbers of the newspaper called the 'Washington Globe,' for circulation, but, being a neighbor of Mr. White, he is unwilling to appear as a witness against him.  The language the gentleman used was that 'he had seen bushels of the Golbe so prepared, since his appointment as collector.'"" ""Under these circumstances, we would most respectfully ask you to dismiss Mr. White from the office, and that our fellow townsman, Mr. Henry Addison, who has already been recommended by most of us, may be appointed to fill it."" ""O. M. LINTHICUM"" ""RAPHAEL SEMMES"" ""WM. ROBINSON"" ""E. M. LINTHICUM"" ""PEREGRINE WARFIELD"" ""ROBERT OULD"" ""WM. JEWELL"" ""WILLIAM LAIRD"" ""WM. LANG"" ""S.E. SCOTT"" ""WM. HAYMAN"" ""JOS. SMOOT"" ""WM. S. NICHOLS"" ""JAMES THOMAS"" ""JEREMIAH ORME"" ""T. P. WAUGH"" ""EDW. S. WRIGHT"" ""J. RILEY"" ""W. S. RINGGOLD"" ""J. I. STULL"" On the 19th of June, 1841, the following letter was addressed to the Secretary of the Treasury. ""Georgetown, June 19, 1841"" ""SIR:  About a year ago, the Hon. A. Duncan, of Ohio, was invited by a number of officeholders and others to hold a political meeting in this town."" ""The meeting was held on 26 June, 1840, and the proceedings were published in the Globe, on or about 3 July."" ""Mr. Robert White, our collector of customs, acted as one of the vice-presidents of the meeting, and who was so tickled and delighted with Duncan's vile calumnies upon Gen. Harrison, that he arose and made the motion that he (Duncan) would prepare the speech for publication.  The address was said to be one of the vilest, and, if you desire it, a copy shall be presented for your perusal.  The persons who moved the resolutions, and one of the secretaries, were clerks in the departments."" ""We now hand you a copy of two of the resolutions, and an account of the proceedings, which we present separate, for your immediate and convenient notice, referring you at the same time to the very lengthy account to be found in the Globe of the date mentioned above."" ""You will see that the copy now sent applies the following language to General Harrison:  'Nominee of the bank whigs, Federalists, abolitionists, and anti-masons.'  'Fraud and concealment' -- 'grossly insulting common sense, decency, and honesty, by shrouding himself in darkness' -- 'of courting dangerous fanatics, and   countenancing them in their mad warfare upon our peace, property, and lives.'  'He should be treated as an abolitionist.'"" ""This conduct of Mr. White, in connection with his signature being placed to the infamous anti-bank memorial, which a delegation from town left in your hands when Mr. White's removal was first requested, renders him extremely offensive to the whigs here.  We again would take the opportunity to remind you of our earnest hope that Mr. H. Addison will be appointed to that office, whose full and abundant testimonials are already in your possession."" ""The continuance of Mr. White is mortifying to every real friend of the administration here."" ""With respect, your obedient servants,"" ""O. M. LINTHICUM"" ""WILLIAM LAIRD"" ""WM. S. NICHOLLS"" ""Hon. T. EWING"" "" Secretary of the Treasury "" On 21 September, 1841, the following letter was addressed to the President. ""Georgetown, Sept. 21, 1841"" ""SIR:  Should any paper be sent to you, contradicting in any manner a representation made by ourselves to the conduct of Mr. White, late collector of this port, we will thank you to let us have a copy of that paper, with the names appended thereto, that we may see in what particular, and to what extent, our statement may have been contradicted, and by whom."" ""With great regard, we are, sir, your obedient servants,"" ""O M LINTHICUM,"" ""W ROBINSON,"" ""WILLIAM LAIRD,"" ""RAPH SEMMES,"" ""WM S NICHOLLS,"" ""D ENGLISH, JR"" ""To His Excellency, JOHN TYLER, President U.S."" And upon 23 September, 1841, the following: ""Georgetown, September 23, 1841"" ""SIR -- I feel bound to make to you this statement, in consequence of a report which has reached my ears, that Mr. Robert White, with Captain Carbery, and B. Mackall, are endeavoring, by their joint influence and representations, to injure me in your estimation.  It is due no less to you than to my friends and myself to write you this letter, in which I shall omit everything that is not really necessary to be stated."" ""As to Mr. White, I feel warranted in assuring you that the representations made to you by my friends in regard to him, are true throughout, of which fact they will be able to furnish you the   abundant evidence.  No man of character here would hazard the intimation that these friends of mine would possibly descend to a misrepresentation in regard to Mr. White or anyone else."" ""For all they have stated, they can produce a mass of evidence too strong to be doubted."" ""In relation to Mr. Carbery, I have only to refer you to my letter to you of 23 August and its accompanying papers.  I would take much pleasure in furnishing you with any further explanations in regard to that case that you might desire."" ""It is wholly impossible that Mr. Mackall can have the least ground for complaint, as I can supply you with abundant proof that there was no employment here for him whatever, nor any prospect of need of his services at any time hereafter.  All the labor performed by him, since I have been appointed to this office, was merely to sign a receipt for his pay.  He, or his friends for him, appealed to the Secretary of the Treasury, and seemed to have succeeded in producing an impression on his mind that I was meditating an unjust proceeding towards Mr. Mackall -- all this, too, before I had said or written a word to Mr. Ewing upon the subject.  He wrote me that Mr. Mackall must not be removed until I assigned him my reason for so doing.  I obeyed his order, but, on the very day I wrote him that there was no service for Mr. Mackall to perform, Mr. Ewing instructed me to discontinue the office.  Mr. Mackall still complained to the Secretary, who wrote me to come to the Treasury Department.  I went, and after hearing my statement, he said he was then satisfied that he had done what was proper in the case.  I did not feel at all hurt at the course taken by Mr. Ewing, because I knew that the whole matter had been grossly misrepresented to him.  I had been waited upon by a friend, who earnestly remonstrated with me upon the subject of abolishing Mr. Mackall's office; as he said that, in that case, the influence of a powerful family connection would be immediately wielded against me.  I did not exactly see the propriety of being governed by such apprehensions, and took the course prompted by my sense of duty, and relying confidently upon the favorable result of an impartial investigation, should any difficulty occur."" ""There is but little revenue collected at this port, and I felt it to be my duty to conduct its business with as little expense as possible.  I found the expense of this office, as far as Georgetown is concerned, to be $2,573.34."" ""I have reduced these expenses to the sum of $1,045.00."" ""Thus saving to the government, $1,428.34 without at all impairing the efficiency of the service.  The whole expense of the office for Georgetown is now absolutely $45 a year less than Mr. Mackall was receiving for doing nothing.  The expenses in Washington I have reduced twenty-five percent I did   this from a sense of duty, but not without anticipating much misrepresentation and abuse."" ""I am, sir, with great regard, your obedient servant,"" ""H. ADDISON"" ""To the PRESIDENT"" On 18 November, 1841, Robert White brought the two suits mentioned in the titling of this statement. The declaration in the suit against Nicholls and others contained two counts. The first was as follows: ""And whereupon the said plaintiff, by Brent & Brent and Francis S. Key, his attorneys, complains, for that whereas previous to, and at the time of committing of the several grievances by the defendants as hereinafter mentioned, the plaintiff was collector of the customs for the district, and inspector of the revenue for the port of Georgetown in the District of Columbia; yet the defendants, well knowing the premises, but greatly envying the happy state and condition of the said plaintiff, and contriving, and wickedly and maliciously intending to injure the plaintiff in his good name, fame, and credit, and to bring him into public scandal, infamy, and disgrace, with and amongst all his neighbors, and other good and worthy citizens of the county aforesaid, and to cause the plaintiff to be removed from his said office, heretofore, to-wit, on 20 June, 1841, at Georgetown, to-wit, at the county aforesaid, falsely, wickedly, and maliciously did compose and publish, and caused to be composed and published, of and concerning the plaintiff, and of and concerning his aforesaid office, and of and concerning the plaintiff's conduct in his said office, for the purpose of procuring his removal from said office, a certain false, malicious, and defamatory libel, containing, amongst other things, the false, scandalous, malicious, defamatory, and libelous matter of and concerning the plaintiff, and of and concerning his aforesaid office, and of and concerning his said plaintiff's conduct in his said office, for the purpose of procuring the removal of the plaintiff from his said office, as follows, that is to say:  [then followed a copy of the letter to the President of June 26, 1841, down to the words 'delivered by that gentleman,' with the necessary innuendoes]."" The second count was as follows: ""And whereas also the said defendants, intending and contriving to cause the plaintiff to be removed from the office then held by him, as stated in the first count heretofore, to-wit, on 26 June, 1841, at Georgetown, to-wit, at the county aforesaid, falsely, wickedly, and maliciously did compose and publish, and cause to be composed and published, of and concerning the plaintiff, and of and concerning his office, and of and concerning his conduct in his said office, and for the purpose of procuring his removal from his said office, a certain other false, malicious, and defamatory libel, containing, amongst other things, the following false, scandalous, malicious, defamatory, and libelous   matter of and concerning the plaintiff, and of and concerning his said office, and of and concerning his, said plaintiff's, conduct in his said office, and for the purpose of procuring the plaintiff's removal from his said office, that is to say: "" ""Mr. White's was the place &c., [then followed the remainder of the letter not included in the first count]."" The declaration concluded as follows: ""By reason of publishing of which said several libels, the said plaintiff saith, that he hath been and is greatly injured in his good name, fame, and credit, with and amongst all his neighbors, friends, and acquaintance.  And by reason of the publishing of which said several libels, the plaintiff saith that he was heretofore, to-wit, on 12 July, 1841, at the county aforesaid, removed from his office aforesaid, and was thereby deprived of the emoluments and income of said office, amounting to a large sum of money, to-wit, the sum of three thousand dollars annually, and hath been otherwise greatly injured, whereby the said plaintiff saith that he hath damage, and is the worse, to the value of twenty-five thousand dollars, and therefore he brings suit, and so forth."" ""BRENT & BRENT,  for plaintiff "" The declaration in the suit against Addison also contained two counts, with no essential variation from the above. The defendants pleaded not guilty, and in November, 1842, the causes came on for trial.  They were tried together, the same evidence and instructions prayed from the court being common to both.  The jury, under the direction of the court, found a verdict of ""not guilty,"" and the following bills of exceptions show the points of law which were raised and ruled. "" Plaintiff's 1st Bill of Exceptions ""  ""In the trial of these causes, the plaintiff, to support the issues on his part, offered evidence to show that he was duly appointed to the office set forth and described in the declaration, on 21 July, 1840; and that he was acting as such officer from that time till 9 July, 1841, when he was removed from office, and the defendant, Henry Addison, appointed in his place, and then further offered in evidence a written paper,  viz.,  the letter to the President, and proved that the same was in the handwriting of the defendant Addison, and that the signatures thereto were in the handwriting, respectively, of the several defendants; that the said paper so written and subscribed was sent to the President of the United States, and by him sent to the Treasury Department, where it was filed on or before 30 June, 1841, and kept by a clerk of that department having charge of such papers, and shown on one occasion to one person by him -- which person had called to see it at the request of the plaintiff; and also on another occasion to another person. "" ""And the plaintiff further offered evidence that one of the said defendants, whom he named, said, about the time of signing the said paper, and before the plaintiff was turned out of office, that the plaintiff had signed a memorial against the banks in the district, and swore that he would have him turned out of office."" ""And also offered evidence that another of said defendants, also named, had on one occasion said, after the said paper had been sent to the President, that he had made no charges against the plaintiff, and on another occasion he stated he had made charges, and that he could prove against the plaintiff more than he had so charged."" ""And the plaintiff further proved that the said paper, so written and subscribed, was shown to a citizen of Georgetown for the purpose of being subscribed by him, who refused so to do, because he was not acquainted with all the facts stated in said paper."" ""And the plaintiff, upon the evidence aforesaid, offered thereupon to read the said paper to the jury; but the court refused to allow the said paper to be read in evidence to the jury."" ""To which refusal of the court the plaintiff excepts, and prays the court to sign and seal this bill of exceptions, which is done accordingly, this 3 January, 1843."" ""B. THRUSTON     [SEAL]"" ""JAS. S. MORSELL [SEAL]"" "" Plaintiff's 2d Bill of Exceptions ""  ""And the plaintiff further offered, after the evidence aforesaid in former exceptions had been given, to show the malice of defendants in writing, signing, and presenting said paper, to read the said paper, and offered evidence in connection therewith of the falsehood of the charge therein stated, which the court also refused, and the plaintiff excepts to said refusal, and prays the court to sign and seal this bill of exceptions, which is done accordingly, this 3 January, 1843."" ""B. THRUSTON     [SEAL]"" ""JAS. S. MORSELL [SEAL]"" "" Plaintiff's 3d bill of Exceptions ""  ""And the plaintiff, after the evidence was offered, as stated in the first and second bills of exceptions, and after the opinion had been given by the court, as therein stated, then offered to prove by substantial evidence, for the purpose of showing malice in the defendants in writing, signing, and presenting the said paper, that the charge contained in the said paper, of the plaintiff's having lost the confidence of the men from whose labors and enterprise the emoluments of his office flowed, was false, malicious, and without probable cause; that all the persons doing business with the said plaintiff, as such officer in his said office, during all the time of his continuing in office, were General Walter Smith, Henry McPherson, John Hopkins, and Jabez Travers -- all which persons the plaintiff   now offers as witnesses to prove that the plaintiff had never lost their confidence, but that they always continued their confidence in the plaintiff, and approved of his conduct as such officer.  And also, further to falsify the said charge, the plaintiff offers to prove that an election was held in Georgetown, in February, 1841 and 1842, for a common councilman in said town, in which election a majority of the qualified voters of said town voted for the plaintiff; and he was elected to the common council, notwithstanding the active opposition of several of the defendants."" ""And the plaintiff, also, further offered to prove that the charges in the said paper of the plaintiff's having descended to the lowest means to secure the favor of the late administration, and that he procured Doctor Duncan to deliver a speech in Georgetown in the abuse of General Harrison; and that the plaintiff's was the place where the leading members of his party nightly assembled up to the close of the presidential election, and that the plaintiff, since his appointment to his said office, had distributed bushels of the Globe, were false, malicious, and without probable cause, by producing witnesses to falsify and disprove the said charges, and show that there was no foundation or probable cause for said charges."" ""But the court was of opinion that such evidence was inadmissible, and refused to allow the same to be given in evidence to the jury; to which refusal the plaintiff by his counsel excepts, and prays the court to sign and seal this bill of exceptions, which is done accordingly, this 3 January, 1843."" ""W. CRANCH       [SEAL]"" ""JAS. S. MORSELL [SEAL]"" "" Plaintiff's 4th Bill of Exceptions ""  ""In the further trial of this cause, and after offering the evidence stated in the preceding bills of exceptions, and after the opinions and decisions of the court as therein stated, the plaintiff, by his counsel, in order to show express malice, and the want of all probable cause in the defendants, in writing, and subscribing, and presenting, as before stated, the paper -- writing set out in the declaration -- and that the same was so written, subscribed, and presented by such defendants, not for the purpose of claiming redress for a grievance in the conduct of a public officer, but maliciously, and from private pique and resentment, and in order that the said paper, with the evidence now to be offered, should go to the jury as evidence of malice on the part of the defendants by competent evidence, and the want of probable cause for the charges contained in said paper, and in connection with such evidence to offer the said paper in evidence to the jury."" ""And the defendants, by their counsel, objected to said evidence, and thereupon, the court refused to allow the same to be given for the purpose above stated, or for any other purpose; to which the plaintiff,   by his counsel, excepts, and prays the court to sign and seal this bill of exceptions, which is done accordingly, this 5 January, 1843."" ""Witness our hands and seals, this 5 January, 1843."" ""B. THRUSTON     [SEAL]"" ""JAS. S. MORSELL [SEAL]"" "" Plaintiff's 5th Bill of Exceptions ""  ""In the further trial of this cause, and after the evidence stated in the preceding bills of exceptions had been offered as stated, and after the opinions and rejections of evidence as herein stated, the plaintiff in support of the issues joined on his part, for the purpose of proving a publication of the libel charged in the declaration on the part of certain of defendants, whose names are signed to the papers, now offered in evidence the following papers (the several handwritings of the said defendants signing the same being admitted):"" ""The letter to the Secretary of the Treasury;"" ""The letter of June 19, 1841;"" ""The letter of September 21, 1841;"" ""by showing, from the said papers, that the said defendants had referred to and reasserted the truth of the charges contained in the said libel charged in the declaration, and that such reference and reassertion was not privileged, and was a publication of the libel, for which said defendants were responsible in this action."" ""And in the case against Henry Addison, the plaintiff, for a like purpose, and to prove in the same way such a publication of the libel charged in the declaration as he was responsible for in this action, offered in evidence a paper, admitted to be in the handwriting of said defendant, Henry Addison,  viz.,  the letter of September 23, 1841."" ""And the defendants, by their counsel, objected to the admissibility of said papers so offered in evidence."" ""And the court sustained the said objection, and refused to allow the said paper to be given in evidence, to which opinion and refusal the plaintiff, by his counsel, excepts and prays the court to sign and seal this bill of exceptions; which is done accordingly, this 5 January, 1843, as witness our hands and seals."" ""W. CRANCH       [SEAL]"" ""JAS. S. MORSELL [SEAL]"" To review the decision of the court on these several points of law the present writ of error was brought. "\
1,1912-005,1912-005-01,1912-005-01-01,1912-005-01-01-01,11/18/1912,1.0,226 U.S. 53,1912,902,White,31,"SMITH AND OTHERS, TRADING UNDER THE FIRM NAME OF STREET & SMITH, APPELLANTS, v. HITCHCOCK, POSTMASTER-GENERAL",11/5/1912,,220.0,,412.0,,2.0,112.0,,0.0,19.0,,32.0,,0.0,1.0,3.0,1.0,1.0,2.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,30010.0,3.0,1.0,0.0,5.0,,6.0,600.0,2d class mail,59.0,56.0,1,9,0,No,"Smith v. Hitchcock Nos. 31, 32 Argued November 5, 6, 1912 Decided November 18, 1912 226 U.S. 53 APPEALS FROM THE COURT OF APPEALS\
 OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA\
 Syllabus   Even though a question of law be raised by an order of the Postmaster General excluding matter from the mails, the court will not interfere unless clearly of the opinion that the order is wrong.   Bates & Guild Co. v. Payne,   194 U. S. 106 . Every series of printed papers published at definite intervals is not necessarily a periodical within the meaning of the provisions of the Act of March 3, 1879, c. 180, 20 Stat. 355, defining second-class mail matter. Books that are expressly embraced by \'a7 17 of the Act of March 3, 1879, as third-class matter and subject to the higher rate of postage cannot be made second-class matter by simply publishing them at regular intervals, even though, as in this case, purporting to be a series of adventures of the same person.   Houghton v. Payne,   194 U. S. 88 . ""Periodical,"" as used in the Act of March 3, 1879, implies that no single number of a series is a complete book in itself. As a general rule, with few exceptions, a printed publication is a book within the meaning of \'a7 17 of the Act of March 3, 1879, when its contents are complete in themselves, deal with a single subject, need no continuation and have appreciable size, and so  held  that the publications involved in this case are books, and not periodicals. Where the point to be decided is a pure question of law which can be reviewed by the courts, the Postmaster General satisfies the requirements of the Act of March 3, 1901, c. 851, 31 Stat. 1099, 1107, by simply hearing the party claiming to be aggrieved by an order excluding matter from the mail, and one so heard, and who is not prevented from offering material evidence, cannot complain in the court reviewing the order that he was denied a hearing under the act. 34 App. D.C. 521 and 535 affirmed.  The facts, which involve the validity of orders of the Postmaster-General excluding appellants' publications from second-class mail privileges, are stated in the opinion. "\
2,1913-010,1913-010-01,1913-010-01-01,1913-010-01-01-01,12/22/1913,1.0,231 U.S. 588,1913,902,White,41,BAKER v. WARNER,11/5/1913,,19.0,10.0,220.0,,13.0,,,0.0,19.0,,32.0,,0.0,1.0,4.0,2.0,1.0,4.0,0.0,1.0,0.0,0.0,30030.0,3.0,3.0,0.0,3.0,3.0,9.0,900.0,,65.0,56.0,1,9,0,No,"Baker v. Warner Nos. 41, 42 Argued November 5, 1913 Decided December 22, 1913 231 U.S. 588 ERROR TO THE COURT OF APPEALS\
 OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA\
 Syllabus   Motions in arrest of judgment are not favored. In considering a motion in arrest, the plaintiff will be given the benefit of every implication that can be drawn from the pleading, liberally construed, and even if the allegations are defectively set forth or improperly arranged, if they show facts constituting a good cause of action, the motion will be denied. Where the defendant in a suit for libel is put on notice of extrinsic facts surrounding the publication, and does not demur, but joins issue and goes to trial, a verdict against him cures the defects in the complaint and a motion to arrest should not be granted. The strict rules announced in earlier decisions in this respect have been modified by modern and more liberal rules of pleading. Where plaintiff in error in this Court succeeded in the trial court and was reversed in the intermediate appellate court, this Court is not limited to a consideration of the points presented, but must enter the judgment which should have been rendered by the court below on the record before it. Although this Court reverses the order to arrest the judgment, it affirms the ruling of the intermediate appellate court that there should be a new trial on account of erroneous instructions on material matters. Where the words are not libelous  per se  and can only be construed as such in the light of extrinsic facts, it is for the jury not only to determine whether the extrinsic facts exist, but also whether the words have the defamatory meaning attributed to them. 36 App.D.C. 493 reversed. The plaintiff, Baker, United States district attorney for the District of Columbia, sued the defendant, Warner, for libel.  Briefly stated, the complaint charges that: The Washington Jockey Club owned a race track in   the District where races were run and bets were made, and in January, 1908, the plaintiff, as district attorney, had obtained from the grand jury an indictment charging one Walters with betting at this race track, contrary to the statute against gaming in the District.  A demurrer was filed, which was sustained on March 11, 1908, the court holding that the laying of bets on horse races at this track was not a violation of the Act of Congress, which, as appears by reference to the statute (March 3, 1901, \'a7 869, 31 Stat. p. 1331, c. 854), only prohibited such betting and bookmaking within one mile of the boundaries of the Cities of Washington and Georgetown.  The plaintiff immediately took an appeal from this judgment in order that the Court of Appeals might determine whether such betting at such place was a violation of the gaming law of force in the District. Shortly after the appeal, the Spring Meet of the Jockey Club began, being advertised to continue until April 14th.  On the opening days of the Meet, there were bookmaking and betting, but the complainant alleges that the plaintiff, ""conforming himself, as it was his duty to do, to the law as judicially construed by the Supreme Court of the District, did not issue warrants for the arrest of or present to the grand jury any persons for betting on the horse races."" It is further alleged that, at this time, Warner was a candidate against Pearre for the nomination for Congress from Maryland, and, on March 28th, Warner composed and published, of and concerning the plaintiff and of and concerning the office of the plaintiff, in a Washington newspaper, a certain false and defamatory libel.  The article need not be set out at length, but the communication, after characterizing a speech by his opponent as undignified, proceeded to say that it was not wanting in dignity so much as for a judge of the District ""who, with the United States District Attorney (meaning the   plaintiff), went to Rockville (meaning the Town of Rockville, County of Montgomery, State of Maryland) last Saturday (meaning Saturday, the 21st day of March A.D.1908) to attend a conference of Mr. Warner's (meaning defendant's) enemies, and determine what ammunition was needed to defeat him."" ""The question now is, where does the money come from in the contest against Mr. Warner? (meaning the defendant)."" ""How about the race track?"" ""Lawyer"" ""meaning thereby . . . that the said plaintiff entered into a conference with others for the purpose of determining what funds were necessary, and how same should be raised, to be used in the campaign in behalf of Pearre, and meaning . . . that the plaintiff was and is corrupt in not presenting to the grand jury and prosecuting before the courts of the District persons laying bets upon the contests at the race track, in consideration of contributions of money in the contest against the defendant from some company or person interested in the race track or the contests carried on thereon."" The defendant filed a general denial, and, after a trial, there was a verdict in favor of the plaintiff.  Motions for a new trial and in arrest of judgment were overruled and the case taken to the Court of Appeals, which held not only that reversible error had been committed, but that the judgment should have been arrested.  In No. 41, the case is here on a writ to review that ruling.  To avoid any question as to the finality of that judgment of the Court of Appeals, plaintiff sued out another writ of error (No. 42) after the judgment had been arrested in the trial court. "\
3,1914-211,1914-211-01,1914-211-01-01,1914-211-01-01-01,2/23/1915,1.0,236 U.S. 230,1914,903,White,456,MUTUAL FILM CORPORATION v. INDUSTRIAL COMMISSION OF OHI,1/6/1915,,156.0,,4.0,41.0,2.0,117.0,41.0,1.0,103.0,,103.0,,0.0,1.0,,1.0,1.0,2.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,30190.0,3.0,1.0,0.0,4.0,2.0,2.0,200.0,,58.0,56.0,1,9,0,No,"Mutual Film Corp. v. Industrial Commission of Ohio No. 456 Argued January 6, 7, 1915 Decided February 23, 1915 236 U.S. 230 APPEAL FROM THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES\
 FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF OHIO\
 Syllabus   Where provisions for censorship of moving pictures relate only to films intended for exhibition within the state and they are distributed to persons within the state for exhibition, there is no burden imposed on interstate commerce. The doctrine of original package does not extend to moving picture films transported, delivered, and used as shown in the record in this case, although manufactured in, and brought from, another state. Moving picture films brought from another state to be rented or sold by the consignee to exhibitors are in consumption and mingled as much as from their nature they can be with other property of the state, and subject to its otherwise valid police regulation, even before the consignee delivers to the exhibitor. The judicial sense, supporting the common sense of this country, sustains the exercise of the police power of regulation of moving picture exhibitions. The exhibition of moving pictures is a business, pure and simple, originated and conducted for profit like other spectacles, and not to be regarded as part of the press of the country or as organs of public opinion within the meaning of freedom of speech and publication guaranteed by the Constitution of Ohio. This Court will not anticipate the decision of the state court as to the application of a police statute of the state to a state of facts not involved in the record of the case before it.   Quaere  whether moving pictures exhibited in places other than places of amusement should fall within the provisions of the censorship statute of Ohio. While administration and legislation are distinct powers and the line that separates their exercise is not easily defined, the legislature must declare the policy of the law and fix the legal principles to control in given cases, and an administrative body may be clothed with power to ascertain facts and conditions to which such policy and principles apply. It is impossible to exactly specify such application in every instance, and the general terms of censorship, while furnishing no exact standard   of requirements may get precision from the sense and experience of men and become certain and useful guides in reasoning and conduct.  Whether provisions in a state statute clothing a board or Congress composed of officers from that and other states with power amount to such delegation of legislative power as to render the provisions unconstitutional will not be determined by this Court in a case in which it appears that such Congress is still nonexistent. The moving picture censorship act of Ohio of 1913 is not in violation of the federal Constitution or the Constitution of the State of Ohio either as depriving the owners of moving pictures of their property without due process of law or as a burden on interstate commerce, or as abridging freedom and liberty of speech and opinion, or as delegating legislative authority to administrative officers. 215 F. 138 affirmed. Appeal from an order denying appellant, herein designated complainant, an interlocutory injunction sought to restrain the enforcement of an act of the General Assembly of Ohio passed April 16, 1913 (103 Ohio Laws 399), creating under the authority and superintendence of the Industrial Commission of the state a board of censors of motion picture films.  The motion was presented to three judges, upon the bill, supporting affidavits, and some oral testimony. The bill is quite voluminous.  It makes the following attacks upon the Ohio statute:  (1) the statute is in violation of \'a7\'a7 5, 16 and 19 of Article 1 of the constitution of the state in that it deprives complainant of a remedy by due process of law by placing it in the power of the board of censors to determine from standards fixed by itself what films conform to the statute, and thereby deprives complainant of a judicial determination of a violation of the law; (2) the statute is in violation of Articles I and XIV of the amendments to the Constitution of the United States, and of \'a7 11 of Article 1 of the Constitution of Ohio in that it restrains complainant and other persons from freely writing and publishing their sentiments; (3) it attempts to give the board of censors legislative power,   which is vested only in the general assembly of the state, subject to a referendum vote of the people, in that it gives to the board the power to determine the application of the statute without fixing any standard by which the board shall be guided in its determination, and places it in the power of the board, acting with similar boards in other states, to reject, upon any whim or caprice, any film which may be presented, and power to determine the legal status of the foreign board or boards, in conjunction with which it is empowered to act. The business of the complainant and the description, use, object, and effect of motion pictures and other films contained in the bill, stated narratively, are as follows:  complainant is engaged in the business of purchasing, selling, and leasing films, the films being produced in other states than Ohio, and in European and other foreign countries.  The film consists of a series of instantaneous photographs or positive prints of action upon the stage or in the open.  By being projected upon a screen with great rapidity, there appears to the eye an illusion of motion.  They depict dramatizations of standard novels, exhibiting many subjects of scientific interest, the properties of matter, the growth of the various forms of animal and plant life, and explorations and travels; also events of historical and current interest -- the same events which are described in words and by photographs in newspapers, weekly periodicals, magazines, and other publications, of which photographs are promptly secured a few days after the events which they depict happen, thus regularly furnishing and publishing news through the medium of motion pictures under the name of ""Mutual Weekly.""  Nothing is depicted of a harmful or immoral character. The complainant is selling and has sold during the past year for exhibition in Ohio an average of fifty-six positive prints of films per week to film exchanges doing business in that state, the average value thereof being the sum of   $100, aggregating $6,000 per week, or $300,000 per annum. In addition to selling films in Ohio, complainant has a film exchange in Detroit, Michigan, from which it rents or leases large quantities to exhibitors in the latter state and in Ohio.  The business of that exchange and those in Ohio is to purchase films from complainant and other manufacturers of films and rent them to exhibitors for short periods at stated weekly rentals.  The amount of rentals depends upon the number of reels rented, the frequency of the changes of subject, and the age or novelty of the reels rented.  The frequency of exhibition is described.  It is the custom of the business, observed by all manufacturers, that a subject shall be released or published in all theaters on the same day, which is known as release day, and the age or novelty of the film depends upon the proximity of the day of exhibition to such release day.  Films so shown have never been shown in public, and the public to whom they appeal is therefore unlimited.  Such public becomes more and more limited by each additional exhibition of the reel. The amount of business in renting or leasing from the Detroit exchange for exhibition in Ohio aggregates the sum of $1,000 per week. Complainant has on hand at its Detroit exchange at least 2,500 reels of films which it intends to and will exhibit in Ohio, and which it will be impossible to exhibit unless the same shall have been approved by the board of censors.  Other exchanges have films, duplicate prints of a large part of complainant's films, for the purpose of selling and leasing to parties residing in Ohio, and the statute of the state will require their examination and the payment of a fee therefor.  The amounts of complainant's purchases are stated, and that complainant will be compelled to bear the expense of having them censored because its customers will not purchase or hire uncensored films. The business of selling and leasing films from its offices   outside of the State of Ohio to purchasers and exhibitors within the state is interstate commerce, which will be seriously burdened by the exaction of the fee for censorship, which is not properly an inspection tax, and the proceeds of which will be largely in excess of the cost of enforcing the statute, and will in no event be paid to the Treasury of the United States. The board has demanded of complainant that it submit its films to censorship, and threatens, unless complainant complies with the demand, to arrest any and all persons who seek to place on exhibition any film not so censored or approved by the censor congress on and after November 4, 1913, the date to which the act was extended.  It is physically impossible to comply with such demand and physically impossible for the board to censor the films with such rapidity as to enable complainant to proceed with its business, and the delay consequent upon such examination would cause great and irreparable injury to such business, and would involve a multiplicity of suits. There were affidavits filed in support of the bill and some testimony taken orally.  One of the affidavits showed the manner of shipping and distributing the films, and was as follows: ""The films are shipped by the manufacturers to the film exchanges enclosed in circular metal boxes, each of which metal boxes is in turn enclosed in a fiber or wooden container.  The film is in most cases wrapped around a spool or core in a circle within the metal case.  Sometimes the film is received by the film exchange wound on a reel, which consists of a cylindrical core with circular flanges to prevent the film from slipping off the core, and when so wound on the reel is also received in metal boxes, as above described.  When the film is not received on a reel, it is, upon receipt, taken from the metal box, wound on a reel, and then replaced in the metal box.  So wound and so enclosed in metal boxes, the films are shipped by the film   exchanges to their customers.  The customers take the film as it is wound on the reel from the metal box, and exhibit the pictures in their projecting machines, which are so arranged as to permit of the unwinding of the film from the reel on which it is shipped.  During exhibition, the reel of film is unwound from one reel and rewound in reverse order on a second reel.  After exhibition, it must be again unwound from the second reel from its reverse position and replaced on the original reel in its proper position.  After the exhibitions for the day are over, the film is replaced in the metal box and returned to the film exchange, and this process is followed from day to day during the life of the film."" ""All shipments of films from manufacturers to film exchanges, from film exchanges to exhibitors, and from exhibitors back to film exchanges, are made in accordance with regulations of the Interstate Commerce Commission, one of which provides as follows:"" ""   Moving picture films must be placed in metal cases, packed in strong and tight wooden boxes of fiber pails."" Another of the affidavits divided the business as follows: ""The motion picture business is conducted in three branches -- that is to say, by manufacturers, distributors, and exhibitors, the distributors being known as film exchanges. . . .  Film is manufactured and produced in lengths of about 1,000 feet, which are placed on reels, and the market price per reel of film of a thousand feet in length is at the rate of 10 cents per foot, or $100.  Manufacturers do not sell their film direct to exhibitors, but sell to film exchanges, and the film exchanges do not resell the film to exhibitors, but rent it out to them."" After stating the popularity of motion pictures, and the demand of the public for new ones, and the great expense their purchase would be to exhibitors, the affidavit proceeds as follows: ""For that reason, film exchanges came into existence, and film exchanges such as the Mutual Film Corporation are like clearing houses or circulating libraries, in that they purchase the film and rent it out to different exhibitors.  One reel of film being made today serves in many theaters from day to day until it is worn out.  The film exchange, in renting out the films, supervises their circulation."" An affidavit was filed, made by the ""general secretary of the national board of censorship of motion pictures, whose office is at No. 50 Madison Avenue, New York City.""  The ""national board,"" it is averred, ""is an organization maintained by voluntary contributions, whose object is to improve the moral quality of motion pictures.""  Attached to the affidavit was a list of subjects submitted to the board which are ""classified according to the nature of said subjects into scenic, geographic, historical, classical, and educational and propagandistic."" "\
4,1914-215,1914-215-01,1914-215-01-01,1914-215-01-01-01,2/23/1915,1.0,236 U.S. 273,1914,903,White,134,FOX v. STATE OF WASHINGTON,,,126.0,,28.0,56.0,13.0,,,0.0,302.0,56.0,301.0,56.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,1.0,1.0,2.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,30190.0,3.0,1.0,0.0,4.0,2.0,2.0,230.0,,59.0,56.0,1,9,0,No,"Fox v. Washington No. 134 Submitted January 19, 1915 Decided February 23, 1915 236 U.S. 273 ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT\
 OF THE STATE OF WASHINGTON\
 Syllabus   Where the highest court of the state, in overruling a demurrer, affirmed that the Constitution of the United States guaranteed freedom of speech, but held the statute on which the indictment was based valid in that respect and also that it was not bad for uncertainty, citing cases decided by this Court as authority, this Court may gather that rights under the federal Constitution were relied on apart from the certificate of the state court to that effect, and there is jurisdiction under \'a7 237, Judicial Code, to review the judgment. The statute of the Washington, Rem. & Bal.Code, \'a7 2564, denouncing the willful printing, circulation, etc., of matter advocating or encouraging the commission of any crime or breach of the peace or which shall tend to encourage or advocate disrespect for law or any court or courts of justice  held  not to be unconstitutional as the same has been construed by the highest court of that state and applied in the case of one indicted for publishing an article encouraging and inciting that which the jury found was a breach of state laws against indecent exposure. Statutes should be construed, so far as they fairly may be, in such a way as to avoid doubtful constitutional questions, and this Court presumes that state laws will be so construed by state courts. If the statute attacked should be construed as going no further than it is necessary to go in order to decide the particular case involved within it, it cannot be condemned for want of definiteness. Laws of the description of the statute of Washington involved in this action and prohibiting encouragement of crime are not unfamiliar. This Court has nothing to do with the wisdom of the defendant, the prosecution, or the act.  It is concerned only with the question whether the statute and its application infringes the federal Constitution. 71 Wash. 185 affirmed. The facts, which involve the constitutionality under the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment of   a statute of the Washington preventing the willful printing and circulation of written matter having tendency to encourage or advocate disrespect for the law, are stated in the opinion. "\
5,1918-161,1918-161-01,1918-161-01-01,1918-161-01-01-01,3/10/1919,1.0,249 U.S. 204,1918,905,White,685,FROHWERK v. UNITED STATES,1/27/1919,,126.0,,27.0,,13.0,,,0.0,87.0,,87.0,,0.0,1.0,,1.0,1.0,2.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,30060.0,3.0,1.0,0.0,4.0,,3.0,369.0,,59.0,56.0,1,9,0,No,"Frohwerk v. United States No. 685 Argued January 27, 1919 Decided March 10, 1919 249 U.S. 204 ERROR TO THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES\
 FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI\
 Syllabus   The First Amendment, while prohibiting legislation against free speech as such, was not intended to give immunity to every possible use of language.  P.   249 U. S. 206 . A conspiracy to obstruct recruiting by words of persuasion merely,  viz.,  by circulating newspaper publications, with overt acts, is within the Espionage Act of June 15, 1917, and within the power of Congress to punish.  Pp.   249 U. S. 206 ,   249 U. S. 208 .   Schenck v. United States, ante,   249 U. S. 47 . After conviction under an indictment charging such a conspiracy and, as overt acts, the circulation of newspapers containing articles which might well tend to effect its object if circulated in certain places, the court must assume, in the absence of a bill of exceptions, that the evidence as to the quarters reached by the newspapers and the  scienter  and expectation of the defendant was sufficient to sustain the conviction.  P.   249 U. S. 208 . A conspiracy to obstruct recruiting in violation of the Espionage Act is criminal even when no means have been specifically agreed on to carry out the intent, and hence it is not an objection to an indictment that means are not alleged.  P.   249 U. S. 209 . Neither, in such an indictment, is it necessary to allege that false reports were made or intended to be made.   Id. An allegation that defendants conspired to accomplish an object necessarily alleges their intent to do so.   Id. Under \'a7 4 of the Espionage Act of 1917, the overt acts are sufficiently alleged as done to effect the object of the conspiracy.   Id. An indictment is not bad for duplicity in setting up in a single count a conspiracy to commit two offenses; the conspiracy is a unit, however diverse its objects.   Id. There is no merit in the suggestion that acts which are not treasonable cannot be punished under the Espionage Act of 1917 upon the theory that other acts included in the statute amount to treason, and can only be punished as such.  P.   249 U.S. 210 . The amendment of 1918 did not affect indictments found under the Espionage Act of 1917.   Id.   Abuse of discretion is not established by the facts that, upon overruling a demurrer to an indictment, the district court on the next day ordered a plea of not guilty to be entered, refused a continuance, empaneled a jury out of those previously called to meet on that day for the term, and set the trial to begin on the day following.   Id. Affirmed. The case is stated in the opinion."\
6,1918-162,1918-162-01,1918-162-01-01,1918-162-01-01-01,3/10/1919,1.0,249 U.S. 211,1918,905,White,714,DEBS v. UNITED STATES,1/27/1919,,126.0,,27.0,,13.0,,,0.0,103.0,,103.0,,0.0,1.0,,1.0,1.0,2.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,30060.0,3.0,1.0,0.0,4.0,,3.0,369.0,,59.0,56.0,1,9,0,No,"Debs v. United States No. 714 Argued January 27, 28, 1919 Decided March 10, 1919 249 U.S. 211 ERROR TO THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES\
 FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF OHIO\
 Syllabus   The delivery of a speech in such word and such circumstances that the probable effect will be to prevent recruiting, and with that intent, is punishable under the Espionage Act of June 15, 1917, c. 30, \'a7 3, 40 Stat. 217, as amended by the Act of May 16, 1918, c. 75, \'a7 1, 40 Stat. 553.  P.   249 U. S. 212 . Such a speech is not protected because of the fact that the purpose to oppose the war and obstruct recruiting, and the expressions used in that regard, were but incidental parts of a general propaganda of socialism and expressions of a general and conscientious belief.  P.   249 U. S. 215 . In a prosecution for obstructing and attempting to obstruct recruiting, by a speech in which defendant expressed sympathy with others, imprisoned for similar offenses, the ground for whose convictions he purported to understand,  held  that the records in the other cases were admissible as tending to explain the subject and true import of defendant's remarks and his intent.   Id. In such prosecution,  held  that a document -- a so-called ""Anti-War Proclamation and Program"" -- expressing and advocating opposition to the war was admissible against the defendant as evidence of his intent in connection with other evidence that, an hour before his speech, he expressed his approval of such platform.   Id. Semble  that persons designated by the Draft Act of May 18, 1917, registered and enrolled under it and thus subject to be called into active service, are part of the military forces of the United States within the meaning of \'a7 3 of the Espionage Act.  P.   249 U. S. 216 . Affirmed. The case is stated in the opinion. "\
7,1918-168,1918-168-01,1918-168-01-01,1918-168-01-01-01,3/3/1919,1.0,249 U.S. 47,1918,905,White,437,SCHENCK v. UNITED STATES,1/9/1919,,126.0,,27.0,,13.0,,,0.0,109.0,,109.0,,0.0,1.0,,1.0,1.0,2.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,30060.0,3.0,1.0,0.0,4.0,,3.0,346.0,,59.0,56.0,1,9,0,Yes,"Schenck v. United States Nos. 437, 438 Argued January 9, 10, 1919 Decided March 3, 1919 249 U.S. 47 ERROR TO THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES\
 FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA\
 Syllabus   Evidence  held  sufficient to connect the defendants with the mailing of printed circulars in pursuance of a conspiracy to obstruct the recruiting and enlistment service, contrary to the Espionage Act of June 15, 1917.  P   249 U. S. 49 .  Incriminating document seized under a search warrant directed against a Socialist headquarters,  held  admissible in evidence, consistently with the Fourth and Fifth Amendment, in a criminal prosecution against the general secretary of a Socialist party, who had charge of the office.  P.   249 U. S. 50 . Words which, ordinarily and in many places, would be within the freedom of speech protected by the First Amendment may become subject to prohibition when of such a nature and used in such circumstances a to create a clear and present danger that they will bring about the substantive evils which Congress has a right to prevent.  The character of every act depends upon the circumstances in which it is done.  P.   249 U. S. 51 . A conspiracy to circulate among men called and accepted for military service under the Selective Service Act of May 18, 1917, a circular tending to influence them to obstruct the draft, with the intent to effect that result, and followed by the sending of such circulars, is within the power of Congress to punish, and is punishable under the Espionage Act, \'a7 4, although unsuccessful.  P.   249 U. S. 52 . The word ""recruiting,"" as used in the Espionage Act, \'a7 3, means the gaining of fresh supplies of men for the military forces, as well by draft a otherwise.  P.   249 U. S. 52 The amendment of the Espionage Act by the Act of May 16, 1918, c. 75, 40 Stat. 553, did not affect the prosecution of offenses under the former.  P.   249 U. S. 53 . Affirmed. The case is stated in the opinion."\
8,1918-188,1918-188-01,1918-188-01-01,1918-188-01-01-01,3/3/1919,1.0,249 U.S. 182,1918,905,White,345,SUGARMAN v. UNITED STATES,1/9/1919,,126.0,,27.0,,13.0,,,0.0,83.0,,83.0,,0.0,1.0,,1.0,1.0,9.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,30060.0,3.0,1.0,0.0,4.0,,3.0,369.0,,68.0,56.0,1,9,0,No,"Sugarman v. United States No. 345 Argued January 9, 1919 Decided March 3, 1919 249 U.S. 182 ERROR TO THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES\
 FOR THE DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA\
 Syllabus   To empower this Court to review a judgment of a district court as involving the Constitution, under Jud.Code, \'a7 238, the writ of error must present a substantial constitutional question, properly raised below.  P.   249 U. S. 183 . A substantial constitutional question cannot be based upon a refusal to give requested instructions the substance of which was clearly embodied in the charge to the jury.  P.   249 U. S. 184 . A judge is not obliged to adopt the exact language of instructions requested, or to repeat instructions already given in substance.  P.   249 U. S. 185 . Writ of error to review 245 F. 604 dismissed. The case is stated in the opinion. "\
9,1919-014,1919-014-01,1919-014-01-01,1919-014-01-01-01,11/10/1919,1.0,250 U.S. 616,1919,905,White,316,ABRAMS et al. v. UNITED STATES,10/21/1919,,142.0,,27.0,,13.0,,,0.0,96.0,,96.0,,0.0,1.0,,1.0,1.0,2.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,30060.0,3.0,1.0,0.0,3.0,,9.0,900.0,,69.0,56.0,1,7,2,Yes,"Abrams v. United States No. 316 Argued October 21, 22, 1919 Decided November 10, 1919 250 U.S. 616 ERROR TO THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES\
 FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK\
 Syllabus   Evidence sufficient to sustain anyone of several counts of an indictment will sustain a verdict and judgment of guilty under all if the sentence does not exceed that which might lawfully have been imposed under any single count.  P.   250 U. S. 619 . Evidence  held  sufficient to sustain a conviction of conspiracy to violate the Espionage Act by uttering, etc., circulars intended to provoke and encourage resistance to the United States in the war with Germany, and by inciting and advocating, through such circulars, resort to a general strike of workers in ammunition factories for the purpose of curtailing production of ordnance and munitions essential to the prosecution of the war.  Pp.   250 U. S. 619   et seq. When prosecuted under the Espionage Act, persons who sought to effectuate a plan of action which necessarily, before it could be realized, involved the defeat of the plans of the United States for the conduct of the war with Germany must be held to have intended that result notwithstanding their ultimate purpose may have been to prevent interference with the Russian Revolution.  P.   250 U. S. 621 . Affirmed. The case is stated in the opinion."\
10,1919-125,1919-125-01,1919-125-01-01,1919-125-01-01-01,3/8/1920,1.0,252 U.S. 239,1919,905,White,234,PIERCE et al. v. UNITED STATES,11/18/1919,,142.0,,27.0,,13.0,,,0.0,95.0,,95.0,,0.0,1.0,,1.0,1.0,2.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,30060.0,3.0,1.0,0.0,1.0,1.0,2.0,200.0,,66.0,56.0,1,7,2,No,"Pierce v. United States No. 234 Argued November 18, 19, 1919 Decided March 8, 1920 252 U.S. 239 ERROR TO THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES\
 FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK\
 Syllabus   The decision in another case of a constitutional question which formed the jurisdictional basis for a direct writ of error previously sued out under Jud.Code \'a7 238 does not divest this Court of its jurisdiction to determine the other questions raised in the record.  P.   252 U. S. 242 . In order to constitute a conspiracy, within \'a7 4 of the Espionage Act, to commit a substantive offense defined in \'a7 3, it is not essential that the conspirators shall have agreed in advance upon the precise method of violating the law, and, while the averment of the conspiracy cannot be aided by the allegations of overt acts and the conspiracy is not punishable unless such acts were committed, they need not be in themselves criminal, still less constitute the very crime which is the object of the conspiracy.  P.   252 U. S. 243 . Averments in such an indictment that defendants unlawfully, willfully, or feloniously committed the forbidden acts import an unlawful motive.  P.   252 U.S. 244 . Whether statements contained in a pamphlet circulated by defendants tended to produce the consequences forbidden by the Espionage Act (\'a7 3), as alleged,  held  a matter to be determined by the jury, and not by the court on demurrer to the indictment.   Id. Evidence in the case examined and  held  sufficient to warrant the jury's finding that defendants, in violation of the Espionage Act, conspired to commit, and committed, the offense of attempting to cause insubordination and disloyalty and refusal of duty in the military and naval forces, and made and conveyed false statements with intent to interfere with the operation and success of those forces in the war with Germany by circulating pamphlets and other printed matter tending in the circumstances to produce those results.  P.   252 U. S. 245 . The fact that defendants distributed such pamphlets with a full understanding of their contents furnished of itself a ground for attributing to them an intent, and for finding that they attempted, to bring about any and all such consequences as reasonably might be anticipated from their distribution.  P.   252 U. S. 249 .  In a prosecution for circulating false statements with intent to interfere with the operation and success of the military and naval forces, in violation of the Espionage Act, \'a7 3, where the falsity of the statements in question appears plainly, as a matter of common knowledge and public fact, other evidence on that subject is not needed in order to sustain a verdict of guilty.  P.   252 U. S. 250 . In such cases, it is for the jury to determine whether the statements circulated should be taken literally or in an innocent figurative sense, in view of the class and character of the people among whom the statements were circulated.  P.   252 U. S. 251 . To circulate such false statements recklessly, without effort to ascertain the truth, is equivalent to circulating them with knowledge of their falsity.   Id. The fact that the statements in question do not, to the common understanding, purport to convey anything new, but only to interpret or comment on matters pretended to be facts of public knowledge, does not remove them from the purview of \'a7 3 of the Espionage Act.  P.   252 U. S. 252 . The insufficiency of one of several counts of an indictment upon which concurrent sentences have been imposed does not necessitate reversal where the other counts sustain the total punishment inflicted.   Id. Affirmed. The case is stated in the opinion."\
11,1920-010,1920-010-01,1920-010-01-01,1920-010-01-01-01,12/13/1920,1.0,254 U.S. 325,1920,905,White,79,GILBERT v. STATE OF MINNESOTA,11/10/1920,,126.0,,28.0,28.0,13.0,,,0.0,302.0,28.0,300.0,28.0,0.0,1.0,2.0,1.0,1.0,2.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,30010.0,3.0,1.0,0.0,2.0,4.0,2.0,200.0,,58.0,56.0,1,8,1,No,"Gilbert v. Minnesota No. 79 Argued November 10, 1920 Decided December 13, 1920 254 U.S. 325 ERROR TO THE SUPREME COURT\
 OF THE STATE OF MINNESOTA\
 Syllabus   1. The law of Minnesota declaring it a misdemeanor for any person to teach or advocate by any written or printed matter or by oral speech that citizens of the state should not aid or assist the United States in prosecuting or carrying on war with the public enemies of the United States is valid under the federal Constitution.  P.   254 U. S. 327 . 2. Such an enactment may be upheld both as a legitimate measure of   cooperation by the state with the United States, not in conflict with the federal war power, p.   254 U. S. 328 , and also as an exercise of the police power to preserve the peace of the state.  P.   254 U. S. 331 .   Halter v. Nebraska,   205 U. S. 34 ;  Presser v. Illinois,   116 U. S. 252 . 3. The right of free speech does not cover false and malicious misrepresentation of the objects and motives of this country in entering upon a war, made in a public speech for the purpose of discouraging the recruiting of troops, while the war is flagrant and armies are being raised.  P.   254 U. S. 332 . 141 Minn. 263 affirmed. The case is stated in the opinion."}